Add content for optophysiology (#9)
neuroinformatics-unit/slides-NIU-tea-hour: optophysiology.qmd

## Optophysiology {.smaller}

> Specific and general purpose tools for multi-photon calcium imaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools for multiphoton calcium imaging.
```

::: {.columns}
::: {.column width="65%"}
#### Derotation
![](img/optophysiology/derotation.gif)

> A package to derotate multi-photon movies which have been acquired with a rotating stage. Almost completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Derotation of multiphoton movies acquired with a rotating stage. Almost completed.
```

:::
::: {.column width="35%"}
#### Photon-mosaic
![](img/optophysiology/photon-mosaic.png)

Snakemake workflow to run calcium imaging pipelines in the cluster.

> Just started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development.
```
